How dare you do this to me?
I am now the woman of the Night Beast
Don't say you are his woman
Even if you are the woman of Tianwang Lao Tzu
I don't care either.
And blood
Don't think you're so noble
You are the third family slave
Pardon me?
First me, then the emperor
Now it's the night like a dragon again
You will do anything to get points
Do I need to say more?
Why are you angry?
See me hugging the woman you once loved and be jealous of me
Ye Tianci
I'm telling you, you're just a fucking coin.
There is only one true dragon in the Ye family
That's me, Ye Rulong
Are you done?
There we go.
Just shut up
How dare you hit me again?
I hit you before college, what's the matter?
Dog stuff
After I tell you, I will hit you every time I see you.
I used to hit you when I was a small security guard
When I was the night market heir
I can still hit you.
Now at this dragon turtle feast
I can still hit you for a while
You have the guts
When I become the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce
I want you to kneel at my feet
It can be 100 thieves for 10,001
President of Daxia Chamber of Commerce
You can't be a dragon